KOTA KINABALU: Parti Warisan Sabah has denied that the controversial Nature Conservation Agreement (NCA) had been tabled and approved for implementation in the Sabah Legislative Assembly. Its president Datuk Seri Mohd Shafie Apdal was referring to an article by Al Jazeera titled 'Very hush-hush: Borneo's US$80bn carbon deal stokes controversy' published on Feb 2. The article mentioned a state assemblyman who claimed the NCA had been tabled and approved.  'This is an untrue statement and confuses the people of Sabah and the international community. 'This irresponsible statement could make all state assemblymen, including those from the opposition bloc, bear the liability of this one -sided agreement. This is not acceptable at all,' he said in a statement, adding that no motion paper was brought by the government in the last assembly sitting on the agreement. Shafie, who is the opposition leader in the Sabah Legislative Assembly, had on Dec 6 last year raised the issue for the first time questioning the propriety of the Sabah government in signing the agreement which is seen as biased. He said the fact that state government did not make a public consultation before entering the agreement was questionable. The former chief minister also argued that the duration of the agreement for 100 years has resulted in up to two million hectares of Sabah's forests being handed over to Hock Standard Pte Ltd without due diligence. The Singapore-based company, which will benefit about 30 per cent of the trade deal profits, has never operated any business in the carbon credit industry. Shafie added that Warisan is ready to support efforts to maintain Sabah's natural resource reserves via the sale of carbon credits, but it must be done with full openness, integrity and taking into account the interests of indigenous peoples. 'As an alternative, the state government should consider carbon capture, utilisation and storage (CCUS) strategies that can be practised in Sabah as has been done around the world. 'This is to balance the decarbonisation efforts by giant companies and address the issue of climate change,' he said, urging the state government to cancel the agreement. Shafie also urged any representative of the Sabah government to refrain from being a broker or mediator in any international agreement whose validity is in doubt.  'We do not want this NCA to turn into a scandal that could damage Malaysia's image in the eyes of the world.'