KUALA LUMPUR: Sime Darby Plantation Bhd's (SD Plantation) net profit catapulted 221.05 per cent to RM610.00 million in the third quarter (Q3) ended September 30, 2021, from RM190.00 million a year ago. SD Plantation, in an exchange filing today, said this was driven by stronger recurring contribution from the upstream segment, which compensated for the decline in profits contributed by the downstream segment.  Its Q3 revenue surged 59.1 per cent to RM5.06 billion from RM3.18 billion. This was mainly fuelled by the upstream segment on the back of realised higher average of crude palm oil and palm kernel prices as well as improved oil extraction rate. For the nine-month period, SD Plantation's net profit skyrocketed 72.1 per cent to RM1.79 billion from RM1.04 billion, while revenue jumped 39.3 per cent to RM13.15 billion from RM9.44 billion. Chairman Tan Sri Megat Najmuddin Megat Khas said the group was on track for a strong close to the financial year ending December 31, 2021 (FY21). 'While high CPO price is certainly a boon for the whole industry, SDP also owes our strong performance to the management team and our employees across the world who delivered tremendous value in spite of numerous challenges,' he said in a separate statement today. He said the improving situation of Covid-19 globally augured well for industries and businesses everywhere. 'The group will continue to count on the support of our valued team as we prepare to leverage on the anticipated economic recovery ahead,' he added.  Group managing director Mohamad Helmy Othman Basha said the last 21 months had challenged the group, with the acute labour shortage compounded by restrictions on movement.  'Thus, the group welcomes the decision by the government to allow the industry to recruit foreign workers again,' he said. Mohamad Helmy said the pandemic had put a spotlight on the critical need to accelerate the mechanisation, automation and digitalisation of plantation operations, to reduce dependence on manual labour.  'We are spearheading this reinvention of plantation operations and will continue to ramp up our efforts to transform the nature of work in plantations.  'At the heart of all our efforts is the well-being of our people. We are determined to make plantations work less arduous, but more efficient and productive for our workers. We are also intensifying our efforts to recruit more local workers.  'As we progress further with our mechanisation initiatives, we expect to attract more Malaysians who are highly skilled,' he added. The group expects palm oil prices to remain elevated at least until the end of the year before a possible downward adjustment in the second quarter of 2022, when supplies are likely to be improved.  'The high prices will help compensate for the impact of labour shortages on the group's Malaysian upstream production,' it said. Demand is expected to remain strong as more countries ease their Covid-19 restrictions, bringing back earlier suppressed demand.   'Barring any unforeseen circumstances, we expect an overall strong financial year performance for 2021,' it said.