FOLLOWING criticism that this year's M-League schedule did not give the national team much room for training, next season's fixtures is described as 'better planned'.  It is not out yet, the Malaysian Football League (MFL) are still fine tuning it, and collaborating with national coach Tan Cheng Hoe.  However, a  domestic league that is 'kinder' to Harimau Malaya, with more time for national training, is in the works.   MFL are set to release the 2022 M-League calendar no later than second week of next month.   MFL chief executive officer Stuart Ramalingam said the calendar is planned with the national team agenda as  priority.   Harimau Malaya have two major assignments next year: the Asian Cup third round qualifiers (June 8-14) and the  AFF Cup.   'The 2021 calendar was an unfortunate situation which had circumstantial impact due to lockdowns from the pandemic, and also restrictions by local and foreign governments,' said Stuart.   'In 2022, we hope to have an efficient solution for all as we also look toward AFC competitions involving JDT,  Kedah and KL City who will have the opportunity to perform at the highest level.  'The players involved in these teams also make up the primary core of the national team, so we consider this as part of the national agenda.'   Stuart said the delay in the release of the domestic calendar is due to changes based on the AFC competition schedule.   He said they have been discussing  with Cheng Hoe on the national team's programmes for next year.   Meanwhile, MFL aim to bring back  the FA Cup to next year's calendar after it was not held for two straight years due to Covid-19.   'There is plan for it to be included because the FA Cup serves a different agenda which sees lesser teams compete against bigger teams,' said Stuart.   'This is a great tool for development and exposure as the teams will get the opportunity to perform outside of the league.'   In the past, the winners of the FA Cup were rewarded with an automatic slot to the continental AFC Cup.   Malaysia's allocation for AFC competitions is one spot for  Asian Champions League group stage and two slots for the AFC Cup group stage.