KUALA LUMPUR, Feb 24 — DAP today announced its final two candidates who will contest under the Pakatan Harapan (PH) ticket in the coming Johor state polls. They are Liew Chin Tong for the Perling state seat and Marina Ibrahim for the Skudai state seat. The announcement was made by party secretary-general Lim Guan Eng. 'Marina has been active with DAP, and it is time for her to show her capabilities to champion the rights of youth and women. 'As for Chin Tong, he will be able to bring changes not only for the people in Perling, but also the country,' said Lim in his address at the candidate unveiling event held in Johor Baru. This will be Marina's first time contesting in an election. Previously, she was the party's state legislative coordinator. 'I appeal to the people to give me this opportunity to prove what I am capable of doing. 'Although I have been serving as a state legislative coordinator, this is not enough to prove to those out there what more I can do,' she said. No stranger to elections, Liew, who is Johor DAP chief, also appealed to Johor natives and Malaysians to give Pakatan Harapan (PH) one more try at creating a government that would prioritise them. 'Ordinary Malaysians have no cable; ordinary Malaysians who have no linkages to anyone; ordinary Malaysians who have no connection, want an equal footing to begin their lives. 'And we want to deliver a clean government so that everyone can start as equal as possible, so that everyone has an opportunity to thrive in Malaysia,' said Liew. 'This election is for us to tell all Malaysians who have lost hope, let's try one more time. 'Let us try one more time, let us try to create a government for ordinary Malaysians, for ordinary Johoreans, that there is a government that works for them, that cares for them. 'This is what we hope to achieve,' said Liew. He also pointed out that contesting in the state election reminded him there was still need for electoral reforms, noting that Perling has more voters than all three parliamentary seats of Bukit Bendera (Penang), Kluang (Johor) and Ayer Hitam (Johor) he previously contested. Liew and Marina will join 12 other candidates: Jementah — Ng Kor Sim, Bekok — Kanan Mariappan, Tangkak — Ee Chin Li, Bentayan — Ng Yak Howe, Yong Peng — Tee Boon Tsong, Penggaran — Gan Peck Cheng, Mengkibol — Chew Chong Sin, Paloh — Sheikh Umar, Johor Jaya — Liow Cai Tung, Stulang — Andrew Chen Kah Eng, Senai — Wong Bor Yang and Pekan Nenas — Yeo Tung Siong.