GEORGE TOWN: Selgate Corporation Sdn Bhd, through its healthcare arm Selgate Healthcare Sdn Bhd, signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with MTT Properties and Development Sdn Bhd today to develop a private specialist hospital in Bandar Baru Air Putih, Balik Pulau. MTT is the master township developer of Botanica.CT. Selgate Healthcare was represented by its executive director Noor Hisham Mohd Ghouth and chief executive officer Dr Muaz Omar while MTT Group of Companies group chairman Datuk Seri Kenny Ong Kean Lee and chief executive officer Khoo Teck Chong signed on behalf of MTT. The signing ceremony was witnessed by Chief Minister Chow Kon Yeow. Speaking at the signing ceremony, Noor Hisham said this partnership signified a historic milestone for Selgate to build capacity and capability by having a new stream of services to strengthen its financial footing via diversification of operations and revenue stream. He said the company would operate seven hospitals with approximately 1,000 beds over the next five years and the first hospital in Rawang is expected to start operations early next year to serve the increased demand for high-quality healthcare services. 'As for the 150-bed hospital here, it is expected to be ready in 2025. 'It is our vision to be one of the leading private healthcare operators in the country and we are striving to provide quality healthcare that is affordable and able to fill up the gap in underserved areas,' he said. Ong, meanwhile, said the private specialist hospital would serve to enhance its first integrated aged care facility, Eden@Botanica.CT, which will be launched later this year. 'We have allocated five acres of land for our first venture into healthcare and is a collaboration that will provide the first private specialise hospital in Balik Pulau. 'The partnership with Selgate Healthcare marks a historic milestone towards becoming a fully self-sustaining township,' he said, adding that the hospital would not only be able to provide quality healthcare to the township, but also extend to Balik Pulau and other neighbouring communities. Meanwhile, Chow expressed confidence that the addition of this private hospital to the 18 existing private hospitals in the state would further solidify the state's position as the top destination in Malaysia's healthcare travel industry. According to the Malaysia Healthcare Travel Industry Blueprint 2021-2025, Penang leads the way in healthcare travel revenue, earning RM750 million from 500,000 patients who flew into the state in 2019 and was named the 'Most Established State in Healthcare Travel'. 'As Penang continues to become an ageing nation, the pressure on the provision of good healthcare services will continue to build. The state's population is also expected to double over the next 10 years and the demand for good healthcare services and facilities will continue to rise. 'Therefore, the initiative of the private sector to invest in public healthcare services is invaluable,' he said.