KUALA LUMPUR: Leading integrated industrial space solutions provider AME Elite Consortium Bhd posted revenue of RM95.6 million and net profit of RM10.7 million for the third quarter (Q3) ended 31 December 2021 (FY22) compared to a revenue of RM121.7 million and net profit of RM15.1 million same quarter last year. This was mainly due to the lower contribution from property development, construction, and engineering services segments on timing of project completion and stage of works. Nevertheless, the company's property investment and management services segment recorded 18.9 per cent higher revenue of RM10.8 million in Q3 FY22 compared to RM9.1 million previously. The enhanced performance was achieved on the back of increased occupancy rates and rental income from AME Elite's i-Stay workers' dormitories, as well as higher rental income from additional units of leasing industrial properties, both of which cater to the company's expanding i-Park clientele. Meanwhile, for the nine month (9M) FY22, AME Elite's revenue and net profit amounted to RM258.7 million and RM27.7 million respectively, lower compared to the previous year's revenue of RM297.3 million and net profit of RM31.9 million, mainly due to restricted business activities and limited manpower capacity during the movement control orders. The restrictions caused delays in project completion and timing of projects in the company's property development, construction, and engineering services segments. However, AME Elite's property investment and management services segment recorded revenue of RM32.0 million, an increase of 20.5 per cent from RM26.6 million previously, on increased rental income from leasing properties as well as workers' dormitories. Moving on, AME Elite targets to deliver higher new industrial property sales, on expected reopening of international borders and returning economic sentiment. AME's i-Parks in Senai Airport City and Indahpura, which are home to multinational and domestic firms, registered RM131.0 million sales for the 9M FY22, an increase of 7.0 per cent from RM122.4 million in the same period last year. Group managing director Kelvin Lee Chai said the company is on track to deliver sales growth in FY22, given the strong enquiries and bookings received to date. 'Notably, our 9M FY22 sales have reached approximately 90 per cent of our full year sales in FY20 and FY21, supporting the positive outlook. 'With the increasing requirements for industrial space solutions, this is an opportune time for us to embark on our new industrial park development in SiLC, Johor to support our growth in the coming years. 'We expect to launch this new 169.8-acre development with an estimated gross development value (GDV) of RM1.5 billion in the first half of 2022, for which we have already secured interest from multiple domestic and foreign companies. 'In the immediate term, we have fully resumed operations with full workforce under the National Recovery Plan (NRP). Hence we intend to make significant progress for i-Park@Senai Airport City (Phase 3) which will improve our profitability going forward,' Lee said. Lee added that a major pull factor for its i-Parks was the company's integrated model which incorporates workers' accommodation on top of industrial buildings. This was further supported by the higher emphasis on employees' well-being and Covid-19 compliance standard operating procedures.