KUALA LUMPUR: The National Tech Association of Malaysia former chairman and entrepreneur Ganesh Kumar Bangah believes private sector enterprises should lead and drive innovation adoption. 'In the first place, the private sector has to be at the forefront of creating innovation before approaching the government for adoption,' said Ganesh. 'For the second part, the private sector can play a key role in terms of ensuring that usage happens. For example, numerous countries, including Malaysia, privatised implementation of e-government services because the government believes that the private sector knows how to get that buy-in better,' he said. He said this during a panel discussion titled The Story of a National Cyber Journey, held recently to a global audience as part of the virtual E-Nation Conference, Future Fast: Thriving for a Better Tomorrow. The virtual conference was organised by the Malaysian Global Innovation and Creativity Centre (MaGIC), of which Ganesh was a board member before the agency's merger with Technology Park Malaysia. Moderated by CNN international business correspondent and anchor Richard Quest, the panel was also graced by former Estonian president Toomas Hendrik Ilves who oversaw the large-scale digital transformation of Estonia's government agencies between 2006 and 2016. Ilves said Estonia's digital transformation successes were due to political will to alleviate the nation's poverty issues, as the country had just come out of the Soviet Union. Post-event, President Ilves said in Estonia, the private sector worked with the government in a non-competitive way. 'Companies understood that the larger payoff would come from widespread digital uptake coupled with reputational boost,' he said. 'This is in stark contrast to (some) companies in other countries pushing for protectionist measures to keep out foreign competitors,' added Ilves. He cited the Estonian x-road system tender for the system's architecture which was open to all companies and eventually won by Estonian company Cybernetica AS.  Today, the system is in use in 15 countries worldwide. Ganesh agreed that, in any implementation of digital government, political will is paramount. 'Since the pandemic, however, people are starting to see that digitisation is the only way to do business in certain circumstances.  'Governments are also starting to adopt digitalisation more aggressively,' he said. Following Ilves' advice that implementing digital government requires a 'primus inter pares' (first amongst equals), perhaps in the form of a digital minister, Ganesh agreed that such a clear-cut chain of command was necessary. While crucial to digital transformation, Ganesh said that technology's primary role is the enabler and not the core of transformation. 'Speaking as a tech person, developing a solution and making it go live is one of the simplest parts of implementing e-government. However, the most challenging part is in getting citizens to use the solutions developed. 'In the end, the core of technology adoption is not about the technology, it's about human usage,' he said.