KOTA KINABALU: Gabungan Rakyat Sabah (GRS) has channelled about RM42.9 million to assist non-Muslim schools and religious bodies in the state. Chief Minister Datuk Seri Hajiji Noor said of the total, RM17.9 million was in aid to schools, including Chinese private schools, national type secondary schools, Chinese national type schools, kindergartens, and private schools. Meanwhile, assistance to religious bodies, namely churches, temples, and shrines involved an allocation of RM24.9 million. 'As a caring and fair government, we will continue to provide assistance and allocations to non-Muslim schools and religious bodies in the state. 'The assistance is also sign and proof that the GRS state government is serious and sincere in helping all levels of society regardless of race and religion,' he said when officiating the 2021 Kota Kinabalu Christmas celebration (KKCC) at Padang Merdeka, last night. The KKCC has been jointly organised since 2005 by Dewan Bandaraya Kota Kinabalu (DBKK) and the Sabah Council of Churches (SCC), on a rotation basis. After a break in 2020 due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the Roman Catholic Church is organising it this year, supported by the Protestant Church in Sabah. Hajiji said the state was committed to ensuring the people's unity, racial harmony, and strong religious tolerance in the state would continue to last. 'Any action that could affect the unity of the people and stability of the government, must be avoided to enable us to realise the development agenda of the Sabah Maju Jaya (SMJ) Roadmap effectively to further improve the economy and drive development and progress in the state.' Hajiji said the state always supports the organisation of festivals, carnivals and programmes that lead to the strengthening of unity among the people of various races, ethnicities, and religions in Sabah. 'The organisation of the Christmas festival can further enhance unity, tolerance and mutual respect among Sabahans of various races, ethnicities, and religions. 'Indeed, this kind of spirit has long been practised in Sabah and it is also in line with the concept of Keluarga Malaysia (Malaysian Family) introduced by Prime Minister Datuk Seri Ismail Sabri Yaakob,' he added. Hajiji also called on the people to continue to work together to ensure social prosperity is maintained and enhanced for the benefit of all. He said the cooperation and support of the people will contribute to the success of all policies and programmes that the government implements under the SMJ Roadmap development plan. Touching on the Christmas festivities to be celebrated by Christians soon, he said it was an important and sacred event celebrating the birth of Jesus. 'Christmas is also a time for ourselves for self-reflection and gratitude. It is also a time to remember those less fortunate than us, who are facing difficult times as a result of this pandemic. Let us together remember them in prayer and together help as much as we can,' he said.