KUALA LUMPUR: Property developer Matrix Concepts Holdings Bhd has achieved a 95 per cent take-up rate for the first phase launch of its latest development, Bayu Sutera. Bayu Sutera is Matrix Concepts' latest freehold residential development spanning over 216 acres in Bandar Sri Sendayan, Negeri Sembilan. Bayu Sutera has a total of 2,043 double-storey link houses with a gross development value (GDV) of RM1 billion to offer in its nine precincts, which will be launched gradually over the next few years. Chief marketing officer Lim Kok Yee said the company strongly believed in its products, focusing on value creation aspects based on quality, modern and functional designs, and a thriving, self-sufficient township. 'Our Celyn @ Bayu Sutera houses are priced from RM529,000 onwards, and based on our data, 61 per cent of our home purchasers are from Kuala Lumpur and Selangor. '26 per cent are Negeri Sembilan residents while the rest are from other states. This means that our houses are still very much in demand despite the overall soft market,' he said in a statement today. The master plan of Bayu Sutera is designed for multi-generational stay towards healthy living within the desired address. The main feature of the development is its 9.5-acre park called Breezeway – a literal translation of Bayu Sutera since the park is deemed to be almost parallel to the western coast wind course lines of Peninsular Malaysia. Similarly, each precinct is specially landscaped with a park with trails, greenery, playgrounds, badminton courts, outdoor obstacle and exercise fixtures, and equipment. Safety and security concerns are well taken care of as each precinct comes with its perimeter fencing and individual guardhouse. Bayu Sutera will be highly sought after for its proximity to the township's central hub. In addition, the international school - Matrix Global School, leisure and extreme sports centre - Sendayan X-Park, d'Tempat Country Club, and commercial areas - Sendayan Merchant Square and Sendayan Metropark - are located. Launched August 2021, the first phase of Bayu Sutera recorded a take-up rate of 95 per cent within two weeks. 308 units of the 325 double-storey link houses of Celyn @ Bayu Sutera has been subscribed, and homebuyers took up almost all corner units within the first week of the launch. There are four layouts with large built-ups ranging from 2,142 sq feet to 2,478 sq feet, suitable for multi-generational families and households. The sizable space ensures comfort for the homeowners besides the much-needed privacy, especially during the current new norm of WFH (work from home) implementation. 'The property market is still trying to stabilise, and purchasers have the upper hand in acquiring properties, be it new houses or sub-sales. 'Also, the location of the properties is the priority as usual, and home owners look for public amenities, safety, accessibility and connectivity,' Lim said. He also stated that Bandar Sri Sendayan, a 6,300-acre self-sustaining township in Negeri Sembilan with a population of 40,000 and growing, is a good fit for the company's development strategy. Due to the encouraging take-up rate, Lim said Matrix Concepts would be releasing the next phase of Bayu Sutera very soon.