KUALA LUMPUR: 'Don't insult the intelligence of Malaysians.' That was the advice issued by Parti Pribumi Bersatu Malaysia (Bersatu) president Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin to those who likened the 5G network mega-project by Digital Nasional Berhad (DNB) with 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB). The former prime minister said he was surprised when certain quarters tried to defend the 1MDB scandal by associating it with DNB. 'Please, don't insult the intelligence of Malaysians. '1MDB is one of the largest fraud schemes in the history of the world with billions of ringgit being transferred to dubious accounts offshore and disappeared. 'Unfortunately, a total of RM2.6 billion went into the 'Malaysian Official 1' account. 'DNB on the other hand has a clear governance structure and is managed by professionals. 'The funds are used for the construction of infrastructure projects by reputable companies and the prime minister is not a powerful adviser in DNB,' he said in his speech at the Bersatu's fourth general assembly, here. Muhyiddin said in stimulating future economic growth, especially in the field of digital economy, the government should accelerate the country's digitalisation plan, including the implementation of a comprehensive 5G network in the country. 'Our rollout of 5G has been a bit late, as telcos have different priorities as they are interested in providing 5G services in densely populated areas. '(And) because of that, the government has decided to set up DNB, which is wholly owned by the government to accelerate the roll-out of 5G nationwide to offer the services at low prices to the people including in rural areas. 'As such, there should be no party who deliberately wants to delay the rolling out of 5G by politicising the DNB issue.' Muhyiddin said he hoped that the government would continue to roll out 5G on a single wholesale network model as planned. 'The government should not be bothered by the actions of certain parties who are trying to thwart the implementation of the strategic project, which aims to support the growth of the country's digital economy and will provide cheaper 5G services to the people.' He added that the implementation of the project would also benefit Bumiputera companies, where 60 per cent of the network infrastructure expenditure would be given to them.  'At the same time, in line with good governance, the aspects of transparency and accountability in the management of DNB also need to be given attention by board members, who were appointed to represent the interests of the government.'