There are few men in Malaysia who have managed to inflict some pain on JDT. Terengganu FC coach Nafuzi Zain is one of them.   JDT will have good reasons to be wary of Nafuzi in their Malaysia Cup semi-final second leg showdown against the Turtles today at the Sultan Ibrahim Stadium.   Nafuzi was the assistant coach to Irfan Bakti when Terengganu knocked out JDT 3-1 on aggregate in the 2018 Malaysia Cup semi-finals.   And Nafuzi was the man in charge when the Turtles became the first team to end JDT's 22-match unbeaten run at the Sultan Ibrahim Stadium in April. Terengganu won the Super League fixture 1-0.   So, Nafuzi will not lack confidence when he ventures into the Southern Tigers' backyard.    On paper, his team were the equal of JDT in the first leg after both teams drew 1-1 at Sultan Mizan Stadium on Monday.  But the Southern Tigers hold the advantage, thanks to an away goal.   But Nafuzi has belief. He believes that his men are capable of going all the way to win their first Malaysia Cup in 20 years.   It's not going to deter him though JDT are in the way.   Nafuzi wants the taste of cup glory again. He was a galvanising midfielder in the Terengganu team that won the Malaysia Cup in 2001.   The Teremggamu coach said he prefers to see today's battle end in regulation time but is prepared for all eventualities till penalty shootout.  'We have to cancel out JDT's away goal, so we need to score. They will try to stop our attackers early but we will be prepared.   'I'm confident my players will be able to deliver if we can execute our game plan well.'  'We know how strong JDT are at home although we had beaten them in the Super League. We have to work harder to repeat that win.    'The good thing is we tend to play better away as there's no pressure on the players, and we are also the underdogs in this game. JDT might have a bit more pressure playing in front of their home crowd.   'I have told the players to believe in themselves and have faith in the way we play. If our plans work out, we can spring an upset.      JDT coach Benjamin Mora said his men will be wiser after staging a comeback for a draw in the first leg after conceding a goal in the 15th minute.  'We have identified our mistake from the first leg and we don't want it to repeat. There's no denying that Terengganu are a good team and they have  always given us a tough fight.   'We have to be careful with their fast attacking game. They also have a good combination of experienced and young players but we will be ready for them.  'If we score a goal in this match, they will have to score two, but I believe our defence will be able to deny them.'