KUCHING: The failure of DAP to perform during the 22-month Pakatan Harapan (PH) federal rule was the main factor that saw a poor outing for the party in the 12th Sarawak election, which concluded last night. DAP only won two out of the 26 seats it contested. It also lost five seats to Gabungan Parti Sarawak (GPS). Professor James Chin from the University of Tasmania's Asia Institute said the Sarawak election results showed that the people were very angry at DAP as the party didn't do much for the state when it was in power. He said when PH won the 14th General Election (GE14) in 2018, the people had high expectations and were expecting Sarawak DAP Chairman Chong Chieng Jen, who is also the state PH chairman, to be appointed as a full minister. This was also a promise made by DAP secretary-general Lim Guan Eng during the campaign period. 'But, Chong ended up as a deputy minister with very little power and failed to deliver for Sarawak, especially when it came to the interest of the Chinese community (who had supported DAP),' he told the New Straits Times. 'The people were fed up and wanted to punish DAP, which resulted in their poor performance,' he said. He also opined that people had begun to dislike Chong's personality, who was seen as a very oppressive character. He said there was also a group of Chinese voters who were disappointed that DAP was so hard-headed that they couldn't come up with a deal with PSB – and split the oppositions' votes – which they blamed the DAP for. 'Another factor that went against the Pakatan Harapan in Sarawak was the rise of local-based parties like Parti Sarawak Bersatu (PSB) and Parti Bumi Kenyalang (PBK). 'There was a strong sense of Sarawak nationalism, which also plays an important role. DAP and PKR couldn't get rid of the fact that they are (Peninsula) Malaya-based parties. 'DAP needs to do a lot of soul-searching to regain the support of the Chinese voters in the next election,' he said. Chin said there is also a need to look at the DAP leadership structure in Sarawak. Chong won Padungan and defeated his heavyweight opponent GPS candidate Datuk Wee Hong Seng, who is also the Kuching South City Council (MBKS) mayor. Violet Yong retained her Pending seat, with a slim majority of 540 votes when she polled 5,188 votes in a five-cornered fight. The DAP lost five seats that they previously won, namely, Kota Sentosa, Bukit Assek, Pelawan, Tanjung Batu and Pujut while their coalition partners; PKR and Amanah didn't win any seats. In 2016, DAP only retained seven seats out of the 12 it previously won in 2011. It subsequently lost another two seats after its Pujut assemblyman was disqualified and its Padungan assemblyman Wong King Wei quit the party last year to become an independent. Chong shifted from his Kota Sentosa seat to Padungan as he needed to 'answer the constituents' after Wong, who won the seat under a DAP ticket, decided to quit the party. Meanwhile, Universiti Malaya's Professor Dr Awang Azman Awang Pawi said PH's failure to deliver to Sarawak was the reason DAP was almost totally wiped out in the state polls. He said many were expecting new changes when DAP was in power (at the federal level) but they were left disappointed after the party failed to fulfil their promises made in GE14. 'Apart from that, the people, including their Chinese supporters were angry and could not accept the former Finance Minister Lim's (Guan Eng) remark, saying Sarawak will go bankrupt in three years,' he said. 'So, Dap needs to be realistic and careful in playing on issues in Sarawak, and not to be seen as trying to bring the political culture from the peninsula here. They need to re-brand their politics to fit the mold with the local political culture,' he added. Awang Azman said DAP needed to conduct a detailed post-mortem before making any major political move or decision. He added that they also needed to review various aspects of the party, including leadership grooming.