ALOR STAR: Amran Hassan, (not his real name) from Sik district, has made up his mind not to get the Covid-19 booster shot.   The 56-year-old diabetic feared for his life after reading a viral message about a man from Selangor who died of a heart attack after taking a booster shot last month.  In Sungai Petani, a housewife who only wished to be identified as Nur, is not keen to register her two children aged six and eight for the National Immunisation Programme for Children (PICKids).  'I read somewhere on social media that the vaccines may alter the children's genetics. So, I decided that it is better to let other children get their jabs first and we will see from there,' she said.  Their sentiment reflects the people's tendency to believe unverified information circulating on social media, regardless of whether they stay in the rural or urban areas.   Associate Professor Dr Malina Osman, an epidemiologist and biostatistician at Universiti Putra Malaysia, said the public were exposed to contents circulating on social media platforms, including viral videos or unverified information.  'Our people should be wise enough to seek out verified information for their own sake.  'Most of social media users tend to share unverified information, simply believing everything that is said by popular individuals or public figures, being bias towards the Health Ministry after being influenced by fake information, besides failing to analyse statistic at community level,' she told the New Straits Times (NST).   Citing an example, Dr Malina said there was misunderstanding among parents that Moderna mRNA vaccine might alter children's genetics.  'They are assuming that the mRNA vaccine is similar to genes treatment, which is completely unfounded and against scientific facts,' she said.  Dr Malina added that based on her observation, many of those who had completed their primer vaccination jabs decided to let the others to get the booster shot.  She said those who developed adverse events following immunisation (AEFI) such as high fever and other side effects after taking the primer jabs were among those reluctant to get the booster shot.   'Many of them are wary of possible side effects of the booster shot and this is particularly evident among those who received Sinovac as primer vaccines,' she said.  Dr Malina added that the low take up rate of booster shot among senior citizens could also be due to their limited knowledge in managing MySejahtera mobile application, resulting in some of them missing their appointment date.  To counter misinformation being spread on social media, Dr Malina proposed for medical experts and paediatric specialists to be given a prominent space on the media.  'Those who are really fighting the battle against Covid-19 should be given the widest space, together with the Health Minister and Health director-general to explain issues from time to time.  'We should not be giving attention to those who have no experience in handling patients especially on the field and in the ICU (Intensive Care Unit),' she said.  She also said the people should return to the fundamentals of life by having faith on the experts based on their respective fields.   'If a Mufti has the authority in Islamic fatwa or a building engineer has the authority to declare a building is safe, then only the doctors who are attending to Covid-19 patients should be trusted,' she said.  Kedah Health Committee chairman Datuk Dr Mohd Hayati Othman concurred, adding that people should verify facts with medical experts instead of blindly believing unverified information being circulated on social media.  'I refer to the viral message about a man who suddenly had a heart attack and died after taking his booster shot.  'Some people believed it was something that was unquestionably true, although it was later confirmed by the authorities and even the deceased family that the man had a history of heart ailment,' he said when contacted.  Dr Hayati said the people should not risk their life by refusing booster shot or vaccination for their children, by failing to verify whatever information they receive from unknown sources.   He explained that it was crucial for eligible adults to get the booster shot as their immunity level against Covid-19 declined between three and six months after receiving the primer vaccines.   As of Wednesday, nearly 630,000 or 40 per cent of adult population in Kedah have received their booster shot, compared to 1.37 million who had completed their primer vaccination.   Meanwhile, Kedah Health director Dr Othman Warijo told NST that up to Tuesday, 51,152 children aged below 12 years had registered for PICKids in the state.  He said 270,000 children below 12 years old had been infected by Covid-19 between July and December 2021 nationwide.  'There were 63 fatalities involving children and 174 cases of Multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C) were reported in Malaysia.   'We are also worried over the risk of Long Covid Syndrome among children after contracting Covid-19, should they did not get the vaccines,' he said.  It was estimated there were 215,500 children aged five to 11 in the state.  'On daily basis 2,109 vaccine shots are administered to the children and to date, 11,187 kids have been vaccinated since the program started in the state last week,' he said, urging more parents to register their children for the PICKids programme.